1 convolution experiment (#78)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/performance-comparisons.tex

    \caption{Recall$@$100k on NGCF PAS with different input values}
    \label{fig:recall-ngcfpas-weights}
\end{figure}

> \subsubsection{One convolution experiment}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsubsection{Experiment with one convolution}
```

> An experiment was conducted to see the influence of only using one convolution in the different methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An experiment was conducted to see what influence it would have on the performance of the methods to change the number of convolutions to one.
```

> The results can be seen in \autoref{tab:one-convolution}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results from this experiment can be seen in \autoref{tab:one-convolution}.
```

> When comparing the results with the experiment in \autoref{tab:results-with-many-methods} that used 3 convolutions for all methods except PUP, it can be seen that NGCF and LightGCN performs a bit worse for Recall@50 and NDCG@50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing the results with the previous experiment in \autoref{tab:results-with-many-methods} that used 3 convolutions for all methods except PUP, it can be seen that NGCF and LightGCN have a worse performance when evaluating them with Recall@50 and NDCG@50.
```

> However for NGCF PAS it can be seen that the convolutions have little influence on the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However for NGCF PAS it can be seen that the number of convolutions have little influence on the results.
```

> It performs 0.0001 worse in Recall@50 and improve 0.00082 in NDCG@50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its performance decreased with 0.0001 in Recall@50 and improved with 0.00082 in NDCG@50.
```

> LGCN PAS is significantly worse, which also can be seen on \autoref{fig:one-con-ndcg} and \autoref{fig:one-con-recall}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LGCN PAS performs significantly worse, which can be seen on \autoref{fig:one-con-ndcg} and \autoref{fig:one-con-recall}.
```

> LGCN PAS actually becomes worse as it trains when only using one convolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LGCN PAS actually performs worse as it trains when only using one convolution.
```

Reviewer: Det gør den egentlig også når der er tre convolutions.

> \begin{table}[]

Reviewer: Kunne være fint med en lille conclusion på experimentet til sidst sådan at vi viser at vi får noget ud af det her eksperiment

    \caption{Recall$@$100k on NGCF PAS with different input values}
    \label{fig:recall-ngcfpas-weights}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Experiment with one convolution}

> An experiment was conducted to see what influence it would have on the performance of the methods to change the number of convolutions to one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An experiment was conducted to see what influence changing the number of convolutions to one would have on the performance in NDCG and RECALL in the tested methods.
```

The results from this experiment can be seen in \autoref{tab:one-convolution}.

> When comparing the results with the previous experiment in \autoref{tab:results-with-many-methods} that used 3 convolutions for all methods except PUP, it can be seen that NGCF and LightGCN have a worse performance when evaluating them with Recall@50 and NDCG@50.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When comparing the results with the previous experiment in \autoref{tab:results-with-many-methods} that used 3 convolutions for all methods, except PUP which used 1, it can be seen that NGCF and LightGCN performs worse when evaluating them with Recall@50 and NDCG@50.
```

However for NGCF PAS it can be seen that the number of convolutions have little influence on the results.
Its performance decreased with 0.0001 in Recall@50 and improved with 0.00082 in NDCG@50.
LGCN PAS performs significantly worse, which can be seen on \autoref{fig:one-con-ndcg} and \autoref{fig:one-con-recall}.
LGCN PAS actually performs worse as it trains when only using one convolution.
The results from this experiment show that the benefits of additional convolutions depend on the method.
Methods such as NGCF PAS and LGCN PAS do not get a large benefit from the additional convolutions, but for LightGCN and NGCF the additional convolutions improve their performance.
\begin{table}[]
    \centering
    \begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
        \hline
        \rowcolor[HTML]{FFFFFF}
                       & Recall@50 & NDCG@50 \\ \hline
        LightGCN       & 0.1953    & 0.0957  \\ \hline

>         PUP            & 0.1697    & 0.07802 \\ \hline

Reviewer 2: vi skriver at PUP allerede kun blev kørt med en hvorfor er den så med her igen?

    \caption{Recall$@$100k on NGCF PAS with different input values}
    \label{fig:recall-ngcfpas-weights}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Experiment with one convolution}
An experiment was conducted to see what influence it would have on the performance of the methods to change the number of convolutions to one.
The results from this experiment can be seen in \autoref{tab:one-convolution}.
When comparing the results with the previous experiment in \autoref{tab:results-with-many-methods} that used 3 convolutions for all methods except PUP, it can be seen that NGCF and LightGCN have a worse performance when evaluating them with Recall@50 and NDCG@50.
However for NGCF PAS it can be seen that the number of convolutions have little influence on the results.
Its performance decreased with 0.0001 in Recall@50 and improved with 0.00082 in NDCG@50.
LGCN PAS performs significantly worse, which can be seen on \autoref{fig:one-con-ndcg} and \autoref{fig:one-con-recall}.

> LGCN PAS actually performs worse as it trains when only using one convolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The results from this experiment show that the benefits of additional convolutions depend on the method.

> Methods such as NGCF PAS and LGCN PAS do not get a large benefit from the additional convolutions, but for LightGCN and NGCF the additional convolutions improve their performance.

Reviewer 2: skriver du ikke lige at lgcn pas performer significantly worse
